Project Roadmap
TO-DO:
Gotta update access rules to the table and to the storage bucket. Make them private and add RLS
Storage bucket url lasts only a year

Learn how to use refresh tokens and google api reference here
https://www.npmjs.com/package/googleapis

The date scene should be changed to include date selector

There should be inline buttons under the "Task Added Successfully" after creating a Task
The buttons should include Completed (part of update), Update, Delete and Repeat. 
Since the task id is returned, it just takes the last line and passes it as an argument to the update and delete functions
This removes the need for a database to be storing user data.

Stage 1:
Create telegram bot 
Manipulate the data
Send a reply
Upload to git

Stage 2:
Create algorithm to parse the string data into json file

Stage 3:
Use google calendar api to learn the kind of data that can be passed
Fine tune algorithm for parsing string data

Stage 4:
Practice sending data back and forth

Stage 5:
Work on telegram bot features to explain different functionalities
Also selection of date and time

Stage 6:
Work on different users signing in to google.

Stage 7:
Work on bugs

Stage 8:
Add more features to make bot experience better. E.g. adding other apis from notes or to do apps or others, adding telegram reminders, etc. 

Stage ...:
Update the algorithm for parsing string data with gemini. 
This should also reach the point where it can communicate with other apis instead of google calendar without explicitly stating it.


Started: 2:40 pm Tuesday 16th April, 2024. 


Prompt 1:
(I need the code for the backend for a project I'm working on. It's a big project so I'll give it to you one by one

First of all, I need to connect to telegram api to create a bot that I can send a message to and the message reaches the backend as a json file that I can work on. Then I want it to send back as a message but with all the text capitlized

Give me well commented code and explain what every part of the code does and how to use it properly)


Things that can be doen with google calendar:
You can create different calendars for
Academics (classes)
Studying
Personal
Fitness
Self care, etc.
you can separate your life
https://youtu.be/ZRThzZV1G7k
